Docs: Add multiple custom packages for the same software title (#48402) (#48975)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/deploy-software-packages.md

To add another package to a software:

* Navigate to the **Software** page, select a fleet, and select the **Library** tab.
* Select the software.
* In the **Library** section of the **Software details** page, select **Add package**.
* Choose a file to upload, set the **Target**, and configure any advanced options.

Each package has its own [target labels](https://fleetdm.com/guides/managing-labels-in-fleet), [self-service](https://fleetdm.com/guides/software-self-service) availability, categories, and advanced options. Scope each package to a distinct set of labels so that each host matches only one package.

> If multiple packages target the same host, Fleet installs the one that was added first.

During [setup experience](https://fleetdm.com/guides/setup-experience), Fleet installs the package that was added first. Labels don't apply during setup experience.

Fleet identifies packages by their contents, so you can add different builds of the same version. Uploading the exact same file again is rejected.

> Script-only packages (`.sh` and `.ps1`) can also be added multiple times to the same software item. They have no version, so Fleet tells them apart by file name, added date, labels, and hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Script-only packages (`.sh` and `.ps1`) can also be added multiple times to the same software item. Fleet uses the filename as a unique identifier to group multiple script-only packages into the same software.
```

> Uninstall scripts do _not_ download the installer package to a host before running; if a .tar.gz archive includes an uninstall script, the contents of that script and any dependencies should be copied into the uninstall script text field rather than referred to by filename.

> ## Add multiple packages to a software title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add multiple packages to the same fleet
```

> You can add up to 10 custom packages to the same software title. This lets you support multiple architectures (for example, Arm and Intel builds) or run a staged rollout (a stable build for all hosts plus a newer build scoped to a test group) without creating separate fleets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add up to 10 custom packages of the same software to a fleet. This lets you support multiple architectures (for example, Arm and Intel builds) or run a staged rollout (a stable build for all hosts plus a newer build scoped to a test group) without creating separate fleets.
```

> To add another package to a title:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add another package to a software:
```

* Navigate to the **Software** page, select a fleet, and select the **Library** tab.

> * Select the software title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select the software.
```

* In the **Library** section of the **Software details** page, select **Add package**.
* Choose a file to upload, set the **Target**, and configure any advanced options.

Each package has its own [target labels](https://fleetdm.com/guides/managing-labels-in-fleet), [self-service](https://fleetdm.com/guides/software-self-service) availability, categories, and advanced options. Scope each package to a distinct set of labels so that each host matches only one package.

> If multiple packages target the same host, Fleet installs the one that was added first.

During [setup experience](https://fleetdm.com/guides/setup-experience), Fleet installs the package that was added first. Labels don't apply during setup experience.

> Fleet identifies packages by their contents, so you can add different builds of the same version. Uploading the exact same file again returns `Couldn't add. <file> package is already added (same SHA-256 hash).`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet identifies packages by their contents, so you can add different builds of the same version. Uploading the exact same file again is rejected.
```

> Adding an 11th package returns `Couldn't add. <title> already has 10 packages. Before adding, delete one you no longer use.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Script-only packages (`.sh` and `.ps1`) can also be added multiple times to the same title. They have no version, so Fleet tells them apart by file name, added date, labels, and hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Script-only packages (`.sh` and `.ps1`) can also be added multiple times to the same software item. They have no version, so Fleet tells them apart by file name, added date, labels, and hash.
```

Reviewer: @cdcme If I remember correctly, Fleet will group 2 script-only packages based on the file name?

Author: Yes, correct!
